minor changelog update (#17770)
microsoft/vscode-mssql: CHANGELOG.md

* Release date: August 7, 2023
* Release status: GA
### What's new in 1.20.1

> * Fixed an issue with downloading of SQL Tools Service Component in a proxy-enabled environment (https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-mssql/issues/17755)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with not being able to download the SQL Tools Service Component in a proxy-enabled environment (https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-mssql/issues/17755)
```
